---
layout: post
title: "Every Game I Played in 2025 Ranked"
date: 2025-12-31 16:27:00
tags: Personal
image: 2025-02-08-2024-Games\elden-ring.jpg
---

After last years list, playing games this year with this writeup in the back of my head was an interesting experience. In fact, I started pre-writing this post a bit to have a more representative opinion on games played earlier in the year. Despite spending most of the year playing Slay the Spire and Stardew Valley, I actually ended up playing more new to me games than last year. There are even a couple I'm leaving off the list to give them more of a chance later on. With all that being said, here is every game I played in 2025 ranked.

## NBA 2K25

A dystopia of a game. Microtransations around every corner, a forced hub world, completely gutted MyCareer. When you do actually get to play basketball it feels sticky and unresonsive, constantly being bound by an animation. Even the graphics don't feel like they've meaningfully progressed from 10 years ago. A blight to my hard drive space.

## Hogwarts Legacy

I cannot believe how completely bored I was playing this game. Simply put, there is nothing new or exciting on offer. It's point and click combat, missions that are going from point A to B, and puzzles that have you look around a room. I pushed on through the monotony enough to get myself a broomstick, maybe that would spark a synapse. With the freedom to fly anywhere at all, I soon found that there is nowhere I want to go.

## skate.

A completely corporate version of its once vibrant self. I can feel how many hands this was passed through to make it as sterile, risk free, and monetized it is.

## Pacific Drive

The atmosphere of this game struck me at first, but here is a summary of my experience of the gameplay: open the car door, get in the car, turn on the car, take off the handbrake, put the car into drive, drive to the next point of interest, put the car into park, put the handbrake on, turn off the car, get out of the car, rummage through a building, repeat. Every single action when operating or maintaning the car is an individual manual task. It's just too much.

## Totally Accurate Battle Simulator

It's pretty fun in the way a browser game is fun, some very entertaining moments but not a lot of staying power.

## The Stanley Parable: Ultra Deluxe

This meta narrative game was a bit of a cult classic in 2013, but this Ultra Deluxe release doesn't do enough to bring it to the modern day.

## Need for Speed Hot Pursuit Remastered

I actually loved this game in 2010, the orange Pagani Zonda is iconic, and smashing through police barricades with a helicopter's spotlight blinding you always hits. I think NFS Rivals is just a better version of it, and it does little to justify being a remaster. 

## You Suck at Parking

Fun idea, terrible level design.

## Risk of Rain 2

This highly rated roguelike seemed right up my alley with incremental upgrades, gamebreaking synergies, and unique character kits. However, the flow of a run never really came together for me. They are long, with little variance run to run and few interesting decisions along the way. The final boss feels so different from the rest of the game; you'll breeze through every stage just to be one shot in the end. I wanted to like it and I feel like I gave it an honest shot, but it's not for me.

## ROLLERDROME

So this is a rollerblading game in which you perform tricks to reload your weapons and take down all the bad guys. It's a cool loop and I finished the game. The flow of it didn't quite captivate me. I mostly think of the popcorners I was eating while playing this.

## Another Crab's Treasure

Creating a soulslike going up against my expectations made by the creators of the genre is always going to be a difficult task, especially when I played Elden Ring last year. Unfortunately that comparison doesn't do Another Crab's Treasure any favors in my opinion. It's pretty janky, with weird hitboxes, poor sound design, and abundant glitches.

## Star Wars Jedi: Survivor

It's odd that the lesson Respawn took from Survivor is to make a more annoying Oggdo Bogdo. It's solid but does little to elevate it from the first with less interesting exploration and progression.

## Viewfinder

Excellent, fresh puzzle design that struggles to find variety. Pretty painful Millenial writing.

## Marvel Rivals

The game plays really well and it has Jeff the Land Shark. The way it's set up feels like the two teams bashing their heads together until one gives up.

## Sayonara Wild Hearts

A quick, psychedelic rhythm game with an energic soundtrack.   

## Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown

Surprising slick platforming and combat make this Metroidvania worthwhile, but exploration holds it back.

## Thank Goodness You're Here

Fantastic, absurb, hilarious writing and voice acting that feel like an invitation to a British small town.

## Battlefield 6

Full disclosure, I've only played the beta and free weekends, but they were time well spend. Sniping and gunplay feel great, creating the environment for classic Battlefield moments. The squad play works well, but the maps are hit and miss.

## Red Dead Redemption

If Red Dead Redemption 2 is the final hurrah of the wild west, then Red Dead Redemption is a whisper from the grave. John Marston encounters painful stories one after another in his final quest to kill the gang and lifestyle that raised him. It's remarkable worldbuilding and storytelling accompanied by a horse riding simulator and pretty boring quest design.

## Death Stranding Director's Cut

I went into this game fully expecting to not enjoy it. Upon release, Death Stranding was disparaged for its tedious gameplay and nonsensical story. It's essentially a game about delivering packages, where walking and trying not to trip is the main gameplay. However, I have noticed more pockets of praise poking up for this game since its release in 2019. With the Director's Cut, numerous quality of life changes have been added, making it appear to be a good time to give it a chance. 

It's weird, overbearingly so. You carry around an unborn baby that helps you see the dead. Every mission starts with inventory management. The beginning and end of the game are packed with cutscenes, with plot points are hammered into you multiple times within minutes. The WW1 combat sections are needless and shallow. All things that could make me bounce off a game.

And somehow... I just kept delivering packages. I pressed on, connecting the few remaining populations of a country, building structures to help others I will never see, creating a zipline network to quickly traverse mountains I initially stumbled through. Through the noise, perhaps in spite of it, the game becomes soothing. The occasional song interlude in your hike, the relief of seeing your destination after a particularly painful delivery. Those moments in this arduous journey make it worth it.

## The Bazaar

This auto-battler has amazing item abilities and synergies. Its asynchronous nature lets you relax and play the game how you want to. Nothing feels quite like getting a unique board over the finish line or rolling exactly what you need to breeze through to 10 wins. It's just a shame the development team seems completely lost with how they want to manage monetization and the meta.

## God of War Ragnarok

As a sequel to 2018's game of the year, Ragnarok was always going to have a tough time meeting expectations. It is truly graphically impressive, but its visual language gets lost in translation. Kratos leaps across a chasm in one section but is stopped by a bush in another. Perpective puzzles asking you to parse the environment for clues are made painful by the hyperdetailed boulders. It's less focused than 2018, introducing characters and side plots across the realms. The pacing and some plot points feel all over the places, with the Atreus sections being quite drawn out and linear. It's lacking some of the massive set pieces the series is known for. The Valhalla expansion is quite stale, with the predecesor's Niflheim doing the idea better, and it giving me 3 scripted deaths in a row. The minibosses pale in comparison to the Valkyries. 

 And yet... it all comes together in a grand finale that sends the characers off in fantastic fashion. Odin is a standout, making you doubt everything everyone has said about him until the final hours. After completing 100%, I felt a hesitancy to close it, knowing I was leaving Sindri's house empty and letting Atreus go find his people. Santa Monica breathed such life into this game, and I look forward to what they do next.

## Super Mario Party Jamboree

I swear if Nintendo finally develops the sense to reduce the amount of transitions and animations in their games they would hit so much harder. It's a great game, with a Rhythm Kitchen being a highlight, and some imaginative boards and minigames, but it gets monotonous seeing every character strike a pose at the beginning and end of every turn over an hour+ session. Also, no Dry Bones?!

## Lies of P

Now here is a soulslike game worthy of the title. Embrace the parry system and you will be rewarded with some exceptional bossfights and weapons.

## Sword Of The Sea

It's a gorgeous interactive audiovisual experience in which you can do 360 grabs and ride an orca.

## Skate Story

This game has the sauce. The skateboarding is weighty, making every string of tricks stomped feel like an accomplishment. The beats seem to always land at the perfect time with perhaps the soundtrack of the year. Moments like slapping a sticker on your board or changing a philosopher's worldview with a kickflip bring the experience to another level. It's also a bit rough around the edges, occasionally feeling like a museum that forces you to read every description before seeing the piece. But when everything comes together, it is a dopamine shotgun. If you're going to find your soul, you might as well do it grinding a rail with the bass blasting.

## Neon White

Pixel perfect gameplay with a phenominal soundtrack to accompany it. It brings you to flow state instantly. I'll be chasing all the red medals for a while. Thank goodness the dialogue is skippable.

## Blue Prince

Blue Prince is a completely unique, roguelike, puzzle experience. Creating a floorplan in simply fun, there are great aha moments, and it keeps getting deeper. It is held back by a few annoying moments that you have to experience every run. Interfacing with some of the deeper puzzles can be quite difficult. I really wish there was an in game notebook, a la Outer Wilds. By the time I realized the necessity of a real notebook for some of the puzzles in this game, I was already in too deep. Nonetheless it is a clever and fresh game that has an many layers as you are willing to peel back.

## The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom

Creative. Emotive. Vast. Fly up to the dragons in the sky and dive deep beneath Hyrule, praying your poorly constructed flying machine doesn't give up on you. Strap a rocket to a Korok to reunite it with his friend. Have a heart attack by jumping into a well and falling a kilometer straight. I have no idea how this thing runs on the Switch. It is a boundless playground.

{% include image.html url="\assets\images\2025-02-08-2024-Games\tier-list.png" description="2024 Games Tier List" %}
