---
layout: post
title: "Video Game Photography"
date: 2021-10-02 16:27:00
tags: Personal
image: Screenshots\Spiderman\Marvel's Spider-Man_ Miles Morales_Thumbnail.png
---

One of my greatest joys in running through single player video games lately has been in-game photo modes. These let you stop the gameplay, manually move around the camera, adjust some real camera-like settings, and snap a pic. It's changed the way I look at games, made me appreciate them even more, and extended my play time with them. Not only that, but I've also learned some photography skills and vocabulary throughout the process.

In game photography has become a part of my everyday gameplay. In some ways it elevates the experieces, but in others it's distracting. At times I stumble upon an interesting room or a pretty vista and the picture takes itself. I then have a memory of a moment in time and place, one that I can further manipulate and enjoy. However, this newfound activity can lead me to thinking I need to take a picture, especially when I'm trying to get some variety. I'll be mid fight thinking "ah I haven't gotten a good combat pic in a while, better watch out for cool animations," and it ruins the flow and atmosphere of the moment. Photos from these attempts can often come off as overworked or forced, but they're still part of the necessary trial and error of being behind the lens.

One limitation to my photography journey is that these photo modes are made available by the developers, and their quality is therefore subject to what tools they make available. Some games go to great lengths to provide focal distance, f-stops, exposure, filters, stickers, and even custom lighting. Others only provide the basics of camera movement, zoom, and field of view, but not much more. Even worse, some have no photo mode at all. Luckily, newer games, especially Playstation exlusive ones, are getting better and better photo modes to show off their impressive graphics.

To make use of the many photos I've taken, I've added a [gallery](https://justinike.com/gallery/) tab to this website! It's ordered by game and my favorite photo from each game is at the top. There are currently 71 pics from 3 different games: Spider-Man Miles Morales, Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, and Control. It's been fun to look through all the photos I've taken, ordering them, and pairing them up with each other.

All three of the games featured on the gallery have solid photo modes, but Miles Morales stands as the best in class. The camera has the best focus manipulation I've used, plenty of filters and frames are provided, and the lighting features are absurdly customizable. You can have three different light sources, each of your chosen color, intensity, and type (sphere or spotlight). These features make for gorgeous shots anywhere in the game, especially portraits. Without these features, you are forced to look for light sources within the game and angle your character just right to get the shots your looking for, sacrificing other compositional elements. The quality of photos in Miles Morales is further elevated by the fact that character models are fantastically detailed. That first photo in the Spider-Man section may be one of the best I'll ever take. The pose, the web, the spotlight from a helicopter, and especially the snow behind the night sky all make it into a dramatic, cosmic ode to beating the snot out of a thug.

Fallen Order has the benefit of being a Star Wars game, meaning the worldbuilding is already in place, and subjects are easy to find. Droids, lightsabers, and stormtroopers all make for compelling subjects when you're familiar with Star Wars. Even the landscapes scream Star Wars and add some otherworldly attention to an otherwise simple composition. Cal, the main character, unfortunately isn't the best subject in my opinion. He's got a bit of a derpy face and his hair freaks out when close in focus. That's why you'll see a lot of his back in these photos, which does add a bit of drama and video game-y charm to them. I took these photos in my second playthrough of Fallen Order, and it really helped keep it fresh.

Control was a unique experience, both in terms of the general game and with taking photos. The game's atmosphere is so delightfully sci-fi and dark. Environments are varied and colorful, while the gameplay is surreal, placing Jessie in some unique orientations for a mind-bending picture. However, maybe most importantly, the desks in this game are unbelievable. I have so many pictures of workstations. The way the lamps shine off the impressively realized wood, concrete, and metal textures is gorgeous and, by often being the only source of light in a room, they add to an already extremely eerie experience. This game was also the first that I went through taking this many pictures where I thought critically about each shot, so my skills were born in this game.

One last thought I have is about the question of the nature of photography. Are these in game captures of pixels on a screen photography in the fullest sense? Or are they just imitations of the art of capturing light from a moment of time? Digital cameras translate light into digital data anyway, so why not start with pixels? In an art photography course I took, this very concept was explored with the subjects of photo editing and digital photography. Are photographs truthful or just symbolic? Can a photo taken in a game be elevated to the same status of "real life" ones? Just some thoughts I had.

I hope you enjoy the pictures. I look forward to taking more, expanding the gallery, and further discussing the nature of photos in games.
