---
layout: post
title: "Every Game I Played in 2025 Ranked"
date: 2025-12-31 16:27:00
tags: Personal
image: 2025-02-08-2024-Games\elden-ring.jpg
---

After last years list, playing games this year with this writeup in the back of my head was an interesting experience. In fact, I started pre-writing this post a bit to have a more representative opinion on games played earlier in the year. Despite spending most of the year playing Slay the Spire and Stardew Valley, I actually ended up playing more new to me games than last year. There are even two I'm leaving off the list to give them more of a chance later on. With all that being said, here is every game I played in 2025 ranked.

## Hogwarts Legacy

I cannot believe how completely bored I was playing this game. Simply put, there is nothing new and exciting on offer. It's point and click combat, missions that are going from point A to B, and puzzles that have you look around a room. I pushed on through the monotony enough to get myself a broomstick, maybe that would spark a synapse. With the freedom to fly anywhere at all, I soon find there is nowhere I want to go.

## NBA 2K25



## ROLLERDROME



## Another Crab's Treasure

Poor sound design, janky feel. Weird hitboxes.

Trash ocean.

Creating a soulslike when you're going up against my expectations made by the creators of the genre is always going to be a difficult task. Unfortunately that comparison doesn't do Another Crab's Treasure any favors in my opinion. 

## You Suck at Parking

Fun idea, terrible level design. 

## Star Wars Jedi: Survivor

## Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown

My first Prince of Persia game.

## Death Stranding Director's Cut

I went into this game fully expecting to not enjoy it. Upon release, Death Stranding was disparaged for its tedious gameplay and nonsensical story. It's essentially a game about delivering packages, where walking is the main gameplay. However, I have noticed more pockets of praise poking up for this game since its release in 2019. With the Director's Cut, numerous quality of life changes have been added, making it appear to be a good time to give it a chance.

Every mission starts with inventory management; the beginning and end of the game are packed with cutscenes; plot points are hammered into you multiple times within minutes; the combat sections are needless and shallow.

It's weird, overbearingly so. You carry around an unborn baby that helps you see the dead

And somehow... I just kept delivering packages. I pressed on, connecting the few remaining populations of America, building structures to help others I will never see, creating a zipline network to quickly traverse mountains I initially stumbled through. Through the noise, perhaps in spite of it, the game becomes soothing. The occasional song interlude in your hike, the relief of seeing your destination after a particularly painful delivery. Those moments in this arduous journey make it worth it.

## The Bazaar

This auto-battler has amazing item abilities and synergies. Its asynchronous nature lets you relax and play the game how you want to. Nothing feels quite like getting a unique board over the finish line or rolling exactly what you need to breeze through to 10 wins. It's just a shame the development team seems completely lost with how they want to manage monetization and the meta.

## Skate Story

This game has the sauce. The skateboarding is weighty, making every string of tricks stomped feel like an accomplishment. The beats seem to always land at the perfect time with perhaps the soundtrack of the year. Moments like slapping a sticker on your board or changing a philosopher's worldview with a kickflip bring the experience to another level. It's also a bit rough around the edges, occasionally feeling like a museum that forces you to read every description before seeing the piece. But when everything comes together, it is a dopamine shotgun. If you're going to find your soul, you might as well do it grinding a rail with the bass blasting.

## Blue Prince

Completely unique, making the floorplan is simply fun, great Aha moments. Held back by some annoying moments that you have to experience every run, general slowness. 

I really wish there was an in game notebook, a la Outer Wilds. By the time I realized the necessity of a real notebook for some of the puzzles in this game, I was already in to deep. In the beginning, I don't even know if I'm going to play it for another hour, so I'm certainly not going to write down every name I see. 

## The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom

Creative. Emotive. Vast.



{% include image.html url="\assets\images\2025-02-08-2024-Games\tier-list.png" description="2024 Games Tier List" %}
