---
layout: post
title: "Every Game I Played in 2024 Ranked"
date: 2025-01-14 16:27:00
tags: Personal
image: 2025-02-08-2024-Games\elden-ring.jpg
---

I played a lot of games last year, including a few stinkers. PS Plus Extra games carry most of the list, but there are some disc and Switch games in here. For the lower rankers on this list, chances are I didn't put plenty of hours into them, so to be eligible I must have at least 1 trophy in the game. Here is every game I played in 2024 ranked from worst to best.

## Sonic Frontiers

With the prestigious accolade of being the absolute worst game I played this year, we have Sonic Frontiers. This game is unbelievably bad, especially considering the time and money that must have gone into it. It refuses to let you play by bombarding you with tutorial and lore text. The physics make no sense. There is pop in everywhere. Enemy and environment design are uninspired. Combat is just running a circle around and enemy and then pressing the attack button. The voice acting hurts. Shocking.

## The Plucky Squire

I don't think this game is bad necessarily, but I'm certainly not the target demographic. The art style and general presentation is really unique. However, I have a bias against games that constantly stop you from playing the game to teach you something basic or to have someone talk, particularly if there isn't a skip button. Ultimately, I think this game is meant for a younger audience (or perhaps for someone with a longer attention span).

## Night in the Woods

I liked the beginning. I just was wanting more of a slice of life story than I was given. Walking the same path every day trying to find the correct person to talk to is just not compelling.

## Tales of Kenzera: Zau

This doesn't really feel like a metroidvania. It's almost completely linear and gives you quite a few abilities from the get go. It's just a bit bland.

## Need for Speed Unbound

I just don't find the cars fun to drive in this game. They look good though.

## Cult of the Lamb

Awesome soundtrack, interesting theme, bone dry combat.

## Sifu

I gave it a couple tries but it didn't get its hooks into me. I've enjoyed games where the fun is found in learning (see #2). I just didn't want to learn about it.

## PHOGS!

Cute coop puzzle game with a few interesting mechanics. You can put hats on the dogs. We haven't finished this one yet but plan to. I'm a bit concerned it might run out of ideas and grow stale.

## Stick Fight: The Game

Hilarious. Snake gun. Ran out of stages in like 20 minutes.

## F1 23

Trying out the tracks before watching a race is a great experience, but why do I have to go through some life sim social apartment area just to get on track?

## Tunic

I liked this game. You discover how to play by collecting an old school instruction booklet. You play as Link if he was a little fox. And for some reason I didn't finish it and don't have the desire to go back.

## Inscryption

This game is a revelation. A deckbuilding roguelike framed as an escape room where you're trapped in with a serial killer. The art style and accompanying music make for a premium presentation. Building an overpowered card by combining abilities feels great. And then (spoilers) you beat a run and it takes it all away. The 2nd and 3rd acts are completely different games that don't come close to the quality of the 1st. Eventually the metanarrative didn't interest me much, and I pushed through to finish it just to see if it had any magic left. For me, it did not.

## ANIMAL WELL

Captivating atmosphere and sense of discovery that stays fresh until you inevitably hit a roadblock that turns it into a game of fighting the urge to look up what to do.

## Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga

A modernized Lego game with buckets of charm and open areas for simple collecting fun. I'm always happy to see a coach co-op game.

## Jackbox Party Pack 9

Quixort goes so hard. Yelling is guaranteed when playing in a group. Nonsensory and Fibbage create great moments of questioning how on earth anyone could think the way they do. Junktopia has its moments, and I don't remember playing Roomerang.

## Luigi's Mansion 3

This is one of those Nintendo games carried heavily by its theme and characters. It lacks some polish in its presentation and chasing the ghost cat around was not fun. Combat grew repetitive after a while, but my goodness using a vacuum cleaner to demolish rooms and collect gems is a lot of fun. Plus Luigi's scared blubbering is a treat.

## Super Mario RPG

Maybe the weirdest Mario game ever made. Bowser joins your team and you fight fat Koopas and a cake come to life. Many rpgs overstay their welcome, but this one is short and sweet.

## Dave the Diver

The premise of running a sushi restaurant serving fish you hunt for during the day is a winner. I love the little animations you get when upgrading your skills or equipment, and it's often accompanied by some solid music. I do wish there was more focus on the restaurant side compared to the save the world plot you get entangled in.

## Hades

I finally got the ending to this game this year after beating one run and calling it quits last year. The unlocks and progression keep things interesting. Getting synergies and becoming overpowered is satisfying, but eventually it boils down to pressing attack and then dash and then attack and then dash. A lot of games are like that, but I just didn't find much skill expression to keep me coming back. Plus the visual clutter is atrocious.

## Dredge

What a fun little game. It manages to make what is essentially a fetch quest game into this curious eldritch experience. The art style is really cool, and upgrading a boat is always good fun. I think it struggles to keep the stakes high after you've have a few run ins with whatever is in the depths though. Once you realize they are more of an inconvenience than anything, it sucks a lot of tension out of exploring. Luckily the different regions stay varied enough and the game is short enough to keep things fresh.

## Marvel's Midnight Suns

What a curious game. Half of it is a strange self insert (all these superheroes are your best friends!) slog to get through, and the other half is this unique turn based battle system that requires positioning and forethought to succeed. Somehow that half is good enough to make it one of my top games of the year. I just love strategically tossing an enemy into an explosive barrel that you've corralled 3 other enemies around in the previous turn.

## Armoured Core 6

Lighting quick mechs launching plasma rockets, shooting rifles bigger than a car, and slamming a laser sword into a rogue training AI. Coolest boss fight moment I've ever seen (Rusty shooting the ice worm). I beat it 3 times.

## Slay the Spire

I seem to have a habit of abandoning rougelike games only to come back to them later and get fully engrossed. Previously it was Enter the Gungeon and now it is Slay the Spire. After dying and losing all your progress so many times, you eventually let each run be a learning experience. Suddenly you're not forcing a lighting cards into your deck at every junction. A previously junk card can become the heart of a run. It is beautiful game design. And I've only reached the peak with one of four characters.

## Special Mention

Before getting to my top game, I have a special mention for a game I started playing in 2020. That year I rolled credits on the game, but there was more to do. In 2022, I returned and defeated the true final boss, but ultimately couldn't get the platinum. The final test is a boss rush of 42 bosses, including and extra difficult version of the final boss, all of which you must defeat in one attempt. It burnt me out in 2022 and haunted me ever since. This year I returned and finally toppled the Pantheon of Hollownest, my greatest gaming accomplishment. It's a testament to the quality of a game to have me return years after making me slap my couch from failing a 45m run. Thank you Hollow Knight.

## Elden Ring

No surprise here. A vast journey that presents a challenge in every direction. Unique and mysterious characters and world design. The ability to jump attack god with a giant hammer. If I had to make a complaint then I'd say the main quest from the mountains on drags on a bit. But at that point you've already put 50 hours into a character, something I did twice, so the burnout could be self inflicted. I'm anticipating the day I finally make a dex character and tackle the dlc.

{% include image.html url="\assets\images\2025-02-08-2024-Games\tier-list.png" description="2024 Games Tier List" %}
